Hi. My name is Daniele Occhipinti
and I am looking for my next new role.
I have a master’s degree in electronic engineering
and spent 15 years living and working in London.
During the last 5 years I was working for the British Government,
leading the digital transformation of the services for citizens.
There, not only was I able to deliver projects successfully,
but I was also responsible for managing people, leading and growing teams and auditing new services.
I believe I am good at building relationships, thinking strategically and making things happen.
I am based in Genova, Italy, and I am willing to travel.
Well, I am looking forward to hearing from you so that we can discuss how I can help your organisation achieve its goals.
Thanks for your attention.